cat /dev/null > lib
cat src/wgeco.f >> lib
cat src/wgefa.f >> lib
cat src/wgesl.f >> lib
cat src/wgedi.f >> lib
cat src/wpofa.f >> lib
cat src/rref.f >> lib
cat src/hilber.f >> lib
cat src/htridi.f >> lib
cat src/htribk.f >> lib
cat src/imtql2.f >> lib
cat src/corth.f >> lib
cat src/comqr3.f >> lib
cat src/wsvdc.f >> lib
cat src/wqrdc.f >> lib
cat src/wqrsl.f >> lib
cat src/magic.f >> lib
cat src/base.f >> lib
cat src/urand.f >> lib
cat src/wmul.f >> lib
cat src/wdiv.f >> lib
cat src/wsign.f >> lib
cat src/wsqrt.f >> lib
cat src/wlog.f >> lib
cat src/watan.f >> lib
cat src/wnrm2.f >> lib
cat src/wasum.f >> lib
cat src/iwamax.f >> lib
cat src/wrscal.f >> lib
cat src/wscal.f >> lib
cat src/waxpy.f >> lib
cat src/wdotur.f >> lib
cat src/wdotui.f >> lib
cat src/wdotcr.f >> lib
cat src/wdotci.f >> lib
cat src/wcopy.f >> lib
cat src/wset.f >> lib
cat src/wswap.f >> lib
cat src/rset.f >> lib
cat src/rswap.f >> lib
cat src/rrot.f >> lib
cat src/rrotg.f >> lib
cat src/eqid.f >> lib
cat src/putid.f >> lib
cat src/round.f >> lib
cp lib lib.sngl
ex - lib.sngl < tampr
